architecture: clarify PDs usage (#852)
pingcap/docs: architecture.md

3. Allocating the transaction ID that is globally unique and monotonic increasing.

> The PD server ensures redundancy by using Raft consensus. The raft leader is responsible for handing all operations, with remaining PD servers available for high availability only. It is recommended to deploy PD as an odd number of nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The PD server ensures redundancy by using the Raft consensus algorithm. The Raft leader is responsible for handling all operations, with remaining PD servers available for high availability only. It is recommended to deploy PD as an odd number of nodes.
```
